-You got this!
You got this. Jaynie!
Let's do it.
-Let's go. let's go.
Ah! Let's go!
Yeah!
No.
No. no. no!
-20 bucks says he's a tool.
-Must you?
I like this one. okay.
Well. at least I think I do.
I had a conversation with him
on the phone.
and it went really well. so.
-We got a bet or what?
-Fine.
Did you bring your necklace?
And. Tess.
they can't all be losers.
-Yeah. they aren't all losers.
Just the ones you pick.
-Wha-- Excuse me.
All I need from you
right now is to be my amazing.
beautiful. and brilliant.
yet supportive little sister.
Can I get that?
-Sure.
-Great. You're on the clock.
Let's go. How do I look?
Ridiculously
beautiful.
-Aww.
-But get my 20 bucks ready.
-Girl. just wish me
luck. please.
-Good luck. You'll need it.
-Thank you.
-Oh. I-I'm sorry.
It's my buddy also on a date.
And -- And he said she is a pig.
-Oh. Okay. That's nice.
-Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
His words. not mine.
-It's okay.
So. um. what are you telling
your buddy about our date?
-I told him that you are fine.
Yeah. him and me.
uh. we exchange notes.
Think that's stupid?
-No. I-I just thought
that maybe you would wait
until after the date
to exchange notes.
But to each its own.
-Oh. I'm supposed to wait
until you leave after
in the morning. huh?
Okay. Uh. no.
Look. Kenny.
I think I'm gonna go.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
what are you talking about?
They're about to seat us.
-I'm sure you're
a really nice guy.
I just -- I don't think we mesh.
-I mean.
you can't really judge me based
off of 20 minutes.
-I kind of can.
-Come on.
Just one more drink.
There's a lot more to me.
I promise you.
-I think the lady said
that she'd like to leave.
-Okay. And I think maybe
you should mind your business.
-Would you like to leave?
-Yeah. I would.
-All right then.
All you have to do
is ask the gentleman
to let go of your hand.
In five. four...
- Oh. hey. hey. hey. hey.
- ...three.
-Hey. look. pal.
I don't need this. all right?
I came here to meet a girl.
not deal with some psycho.
Well. if you want to leave.
just freaking leave.
-Or
you
can leave.
You know what? Screw it.
I do not have time for this.
Y'all have fun.
-I apologize about that.
-It's not your fault.
-Would you like a seat?
-Thank you.
-Oh. sorry.
I'm Cole.
-Hi. Cole.
I'm Jaynie.
-Jaynie? Pleasure to meet you.
Here's your wine.
-And thank you. I need this.
There you go.
And thank you very much.
And thanks again.
-You know. I just
wanted to apologize myself.
I typically never stick my nose
where it doesn't belong.
It's an ex-Marine thing of mine.
-The Marines. Really?
-Yeah.
-My dad was in the Marines.
-Oh. I see you
come from good stock.
-I do.
I-I --
I've never done this before.
Can I take you to lunch?
-I would love to go to lunch
with you. Jaynie.
-Good.
-Yeah.
-Hey! You're cute.
-Thank you.
Okay. So. I think I got all
your papers ready.
It just looks like you're
missing your third quarter 941.
-What's 941?
-Forget it. I'll just call your
payroll company.
-Please do.
-Yes.
-Thank you.
I appreciate you taking care
of all this for me.
-But I am your accountant.
so it's kind of my job.
but okay.
Down to the real business.
-Hmm?
- How'd your date go?
- Oh.
-Oh. no.
- I had it ready.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
-But I -- I am just gonna
take that.
Anything worth reporting?
-Actually. there is.
- Okay.
- There is an interesting
wrinkle and a bit of a knight
in shining armor aspect
to the night.
-Oh. Spill it. I need my tea.
-Okay. so. you know I was
going out with Kenny. right?
- Right.
- And then I met someone.
-Someone else?
-Yeah. I know. I know.
It was like he just appeared
out of nowhere.
And. girl. he turned a very.
very weird night
into what I would like to say
an interesting one.
-Okay. I won't ask.
-No. he was a gentleman.
-Oh. good.
-But I did ask him
out on a date.
-You asked him?
-I know. I know.
I said a lunch date.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hopefully he calls.
-I hope he does. too.
Just keep on dating. sis.
Yeah. cause I got my eye
on some Jimmy Choos.
-Ha! Listen. one
of these men are gonna stick.
I promise you that.
-You say
that about all of them.
-Things got very busy for me.
and one salon turned into two.
Two turned into three.
And. I mean. I'm there 24 hours.
basically. watching
women get made beautiful
as they get ready
to go off into their life
to meet the love of their life
and start families. get married.
And I go home. I order takeout.
I must say.
Chinese is my favorite.
-Oh. I'll remember that one.
-Absolute favorite.
And. uh. that's me.
All work.
no play type. huh?
-Mm-hmm. That's about it.
But what about you.
Mr. Big-Time Investor?
-After I left the Marines.
I had a couple dollars.
I invested it.
made a fortune. lost a fortune.
made a little bit of money back.
You know
when you come from nothing
it's easy to make
big promises to yourself.
And. um. I came up
in the foster care system.
-Oh. I'm sorry.
-Yeah. When you hit rock bottom.
it lights a fire
for people like me.
-Mm.
-You gotta really go out
and get it on your own.
'Cause ain't nobody gonna
give you nothing.
- That's for sure.
- Yeah.
-So you sound
like you're a hard worker.
Try to be.
-What do you do for fun. huh?
-You'd be surprised.
-Surprise me.
-I like to jump out
of airplanes.
- Wait. What?
- Pickleball?
- Yes.
- Do not knock pickleball.
Okay? It is a lot of fun.
It's extremely relaxing.
-Mm.
-And you would appreciate that
it is very athletic.
-Yeah. but pickleball
can't make you feel alive
like skydiving.
Now. free-falling 200 feet
per second.
that's gonna make
you feel alive.
-Okay. well. I will admit.
when I was younger.
I used to say.
at some point in life.
I'm gonna jump out
of an airplane and just soar.
But I didn't mean right
before I die.
-Oh. well. come here.
-What are you doing?
-Jumping out of a plane
is only scary
when you think it's not safe.
Allow me to be your parachute
and show you it's safe.
Come on.
-I know you do not think
that I am about to get up there
and fall backward off
of a bench. No.
-A little more trust
is all I'm asking for.
Just enough to have some fun.
Come on.
Come on. come on.
Put this down.
-I cannot believe you are
making me do this.
-So much fun. Watch.
-Okay.
See. this is what
you're missing in life.
A little bit of spontaneity.
you know?
-Okay. okay. okay.
-Just relax.
-Okay? I'm trying to relax.
I can't relax.
-Take in nature. Just breathe.
-Are you gonna do my arms
out or down?
-However makes you
feel comfortable.
Right there is perfect.
-Nothing makes me feel
comfortable.
-Just like that is perfect.
-Okay. Oh. my God! Okay.
-I'm gonna go down from 3. 2. 1.
Go!
-Aah! Aah!
-What's up? I told you.
Wasn't that exciting?
-Oh. my God. Okay.
Yes. You're right.
That was exciting. It was.
Okay. Are you gonna let me down?
-I ain't never letting
you down.
Never.
Whoa!
Hello.
It's the secret recipe
right here.
Mm.
Mm. Al dente.
-Okay. I see you over there.
Wolfgang Puck.
-Ha! Wolfgang Puck
be taking notes from me.
-Mm! Excuse me.
-Mm-hmm. Excuse you.
-Mm-hmm.
I have
a surprise for you.
I like a surprise.
- Do you?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh. a little dance.
Okay.
- Test it?
- Yeah.
-Oh. my God.
Mm.
What you think?
-It's good.
-Little family recipe.
-Didn't --
Didn't you tell me you
grew up in the foster system?
-I didn't say it was
my
family's recipe.
Oh. yeah.
that makes sense.
One thing I do know
is that the age-old saying goes.
the way to a man's heart
is through his stomach.
-Oh. well.
you already reside there.
- Aww.
- Speaking of which.
though. everything I made
is healthy for the heart.
All natural and organic.
You know. all this nonsense.
these toxins
they put in the food nowadays.
-So how long until this heart
healthy little meal is ready?
-Oh. uh. about 30. 30 minutes.
-Well. how about
you turn it down low.
let it simmer. and give it 45.
-Okay.
I don't know what it
is about you.
You got this ease about you.
and you know it.
you smooth bastard.
- I didn't expect you neither.
- No?
-I didn't expect this.
this type of connection.
-You bring out
the spontaneity in me. I guess.
-Mm.
-You already brought
this guy to your house?
You barely even know him.
-I know.
but he wanted to cook for me.
And. girl. when I tell you.
the man can cook.
I mean cook.
-You know what?
I don't even want to think
about what that implies.
-Tess. it's getting serious.
So. it's time
for you to meet him.
Please.
I don't know. man.
I tried to tell y'all
that ain't my style.
-Well. I think
I finally found your weakness.
-I told you.
I don't like scary movies.
-It was fun. though.
-Tess. it was great to meet you.
You. too.
She couldn't say
enough about you.
-Aww.
-That's my sissy. And you...
- All right. you two.
- We get it.
Your sister funny.
We still on for
tomorrow?
- 11:00 AM.
- Don't be late.
Wouldn't dream of it.
-Okay. so. want your truth.
God's honest truth.
Tell me you saw
exactly what I saw.
Because that man is
something special.
-Yeah. you know.
he's something for sure.
-Okay. so what does that mean?
-Well. it doesn't mean anything.
He's --
He's something.
What? I didn't say anything.
-You don't have to say
anything. Tess.
I know you.
Look at your face.
Tell me. what's wrong
with this one?
-I don't know. he's...
too polite.
-Polite?
-Yeah. he's just so charming.
You know what I mean?
-Yeah. right.
Polite and charming.
What was I thinking?
-I'm not saying that.
Maybe I'm just overly skeptical.
-Overly skeptical?
That's the way it is.
-Just forget I said anything.
-How do I do that?
You already said you felt a way.
I know that is
not him calling.
He just left.
My man want to talk to me.
-Hey. baby.
You miss me already?
What you doing this
Saturday?
I just had a great idea.
-Ooh.
Okay. well. don't tell me.
Surprise me and I will
make myself available.
-Okay. I'll see you then.
-Okay.
"I will make
myself available."
-That is not how I sound.
-That's exactly how you sound.
-No. I mean -- I have a little
more timbre in my voice.
-Watch your step.
There you go.
-Okay.
-Mm-hmm.
-Was the blindfold
really necessary?
-Oh. it's very necessary.
You look so cute in it. too.
You can't even see me.
-Oh. my goodness.
-Ah. what a beautiful day.
-Well. I wouldn't know
because I can't see it.
but I can feel it.
-Okay.
So let's hold up right here.
Okay.
-I will give you the surprise
in three. two...
one.
There she is.
-Are you kidding me?
- No. ma'am.
- Cole. I'm not doing that.
-Oh. yes. you are. We --
-No. I'm not.
-Girl. you gonna do it with me.
You said you always
wanted to do this.
-Yeah. I was kidding.
Everyone says that.
-Oh. Come on.
-No. no. Cole.
-Yes!
-No.
-Girl. it's scary.
That's the whole point of this.
You ain't never gonna taste
how sweet life can be
until you show it
who's boss. hmm?
And you're not going up there
alone anyway.
You're going to be strapped
to me the whole time.
I'll be with you the whole time.
-Is it important to you?
-Yes. it is.
It's so important to me.
Please?
-This is crazy.
-It's gonna be fun.
- Um. baby.
- Baby. I have to pee.
-That's to be expected.
-I'm gonna puke!
Baby. I'm gonna puke!
-No. no.
It's all so inevitable.
-Right.
-Look. we got two parachutes.
Relax. The main is
down here to the right.
-Okay.
-The backup is
right here to the left.
-Okay.
-We're double protected.
Don't worry about it.
-Okay. you know what?
Forget it. I've had a good life.
but this is the end.
Please tell my sister
I love her.
-You can tell her yourself.
There we go.
Let's go!
- We're going? We're going?
- Let's go!
Yeah!
-Wait! Wait. wait. wait. wait!
-Whoo-hoo!
-You're okay.
- Oh!
- Whoa!
- Yeah. Speed it up.
- Okay.
All right. here we go.
Move your legs forward.
Do it again.
-Cole!
- All right.
- We're going in three...
two. one.
Whoo!
Yeah.
You feel like a bird. huh?
-Oh. wow!
Whoo!
Oh. my goodness. baby!
That was so exciting!
-Yeah. I wasn't lying. huh?
-Lying? Baby.
Please. don't ever let
me say no to you again.
Ever.
-Mm. I'm gonna hold you to it.
-Oh. my God.
-I'm gonna hold you to that one.
-That was a rush.
Such a rush. Let's do it again.
Let's go. You ready?
-Girl. relax.
-Get your helmet. No. let's go!
Whoo!
That was crazy.
Oh. my God!
Oh. get back on this bed.
-Oh. I swear I cannot keep up
with you.
-I'm gonna get a little sappy.
-Sappy?
-Just a little bit.
-Oh. Get sappy. Sap away.
-I like who I am
when I'm with you.
I see the man
I always wanted to be.
You know. it's so crazy.
I'll wake up.
and I can't wait to see you.
And then I fall asleep.
and I can't wait
to wake up all over again.
I swear you got me acting like
a 16-year-old little schoolboy.
-Mm? Well...
if that is crazy.
then I guess I'm crazy. too.
-Mm. Speaking of crazy.
I got an idea.
-An idea?
-Yeah.
-Okay. Not looking.
I'm not looking.
Let's get married.
-Right now.
-Wait. What?
-Well. why not?
I love you.
Let's get married.
-Balanced B complex?
Evening primrose oil?
Girl. is you opening up
a health store
I don't know about?
-Please.
Girl. you would be
surprised about all the stuff
that is in your
medicine cabinet.
It is poison.
-Mm.
Cole's gonna make
you a whole new woman. isn't he?
-Well. he's gonna
make me a healthier one anyway.
-I still cannot believe
that you married this man.
You barely even know him.
-Please don't be
judgmental right now. okay?
-Okay.
-All right. Can we go to work?
-Yes.
-Thank you.
I finally found a good man.
Be happy for me.
-He says. "That ain't mine."
-No. he didn't.
-I was about to have
my brothers come see about him.
Girl. wait one second.
Hey.
You're in jail?
What?
You don't get arrested
for speeding. Cole.
You get a ticket.
So why am I bailing you out?
-You want the truth?
-No. no.
I don't want the truth.
I want you to lie.
Yes. I want the truth.
-All right. I. uh...
God. this is so stupid.
So. a while ago --
I mean. this was years ago.
So long ago.
I got pulled over with my friend
and had a little bit of weed
in the car.
but he had a bunch of priors.
so I just --
I took the rap.
That's what happened.
-Okay. so why do
you still have a warrant. then?
-'Cause I didn't show
up to court.
- What?
- I know.
I told you it was so stupid.
Look.
I just figured the police
had bigger fish to fry. Just...
-Well. baby. it never occurred
to you to tell me about it?
I mean. I'm your wife.
-I mean.
it just happened so long ago.
it kind of slipped my mind.
But you're right.
You're right. I should have.
I should have told you.
And I shouldn't have left you
in the dark about it.
I'm sorry. Hmm? I'm sorry.
Hmm? Can you forgive me?
-Now I'm married
to public enemy number one.
-Girl. Stop playing.
I ain't no
public enemy number one.
Stop it!
-And why were you
in that part of town anyway?
We don't live anywhere close.
-So. I was looking
for locations.
-Locations for what?
-It's a surprise.
Come on. let's walk and talk.
I'll tell you about it.
You keep calling it a bar.
Baby. this is a club.
Matter of fact.
this ain't even no club.
This is like an experience.
See. the issue is I keep
running into this problem
with the pre-approval process
on the building.
-Why is that?
-You know.
they just keep tripping
about this little record I got.
-But. baby. th-this business is
more than just a building.
-Yeah.
-This business is.
We're talking
about some real upfront capital.
-Yeah. No. right.
Now. it looks like a lot.
But all this really says
the same thing.
This is all part of the same
business plan right here. right?
I mean. why go to investors?
For what?
I mean. why split
the pie up. right?
I mean. we could front the cost
just for the first year.
but then. when
the profits come back in. 100%.
We're gonna share 100%
of the profits.
-Yeah. babe. but that's just
considering that
we actually make a profit.
-No. we gonna make profits.
Are you serious?
Listen. this city right here.
30% of the demographic
is 21 to 35.
This is a vacuum just...
...begging to be filled. right?
-Yeah.
-You know what? It's. um...
It's actually a good idea.
-Right?
-It is. But. you know.
the first rule of business.
you don't spend your own money.
Yeah. but...
...the first rule of success
is breaking all the rules.
Ain't that what we did
when we got married?
We broke all the rules together.
That's what love is about.
Let's do this together.
-Club soda with a twist.
It's your third. you know.
Hope you're not driving.
-Oh. well.
my mom usually picks me up.
-Sure I can't make you something
with a little more bite?
-Alcohol is poison.
-Yeah. and here you are
sitting at a bar.
-I'm waiting for a friend.
He's just running late.
Very usual.
-Well. with friends like that...
-He's more of a.
uh. old roomie.
you could say.
-Catching up on old times?
-Nah. I'm making a business.
Thought he might be useful.
-Oh. yeah?
What kind of business?
-It's a club. actually.
-Wow. Looks cool.
-Actually hiring bartenders
right now. if you're interested.
I'm already a bartender.
- Ah.
- What else you got for me?
-What else can you do?
-Plenty.
-I'm Cole. by the way.
- Nikki.
I like that name.
-Jaynie.
Oh.
-Hey. didn't you hear
me ring the doorbell?
-What?
-Nothing. I let myself in.
Where's Jaynie?
-Oh. she ought
to be back in a while.
-Okay. Wow. look at you.
You didn't waste a lot of time
refurnishing the spare room.
-Oh. yeah. there was a whole lot
of wasted space.
Figured I'd do
something with it.
You know what I mean?
Excuse me.
-You know. I see
you filled the wasted space
in the driveway. too.
-Oh. you like that. huh?
-$80.000 car.
What's not to like?
86.
A lot of money for a toy.
Yeah. if only it was a toy.
Oh. man.
So. did. uh. your sister tell
you about our business venture?
-Well. I do her books. so. yeah.
-Got to come impressive
if you want anyone to take you
serious in this world nowadays.
-Impressive. huh?
-Yeah.
Because no one's going to want
to buy an empty diamond mine
from a con man with a hole
in his jeans. I get it.
-There's nothing empty
about what I'm building.
-Well. just judging
by the financials.
I see a whole lot of money
going out
and nothing really close
to a business yet.
-Oh. well. you know how
a business works. don't you?
-I do.
-Okay.
-Mm-hmm.
-This is how you start one.
You gotta have some money go out
before anything ever
comes back in.
I mean. I don't
actually have to sit here
and educate an account on
how a business works. do I?
Is that my baby
sister's car I see out there?
-Hey.
- Hey. girl.
- Hey. sis.
-Hey. baby.
-Hey.
Now. did he tell you
the good news?
-Oh. God. What?
-You didn't tell her?
No.
-I did my first solo jump
ever this weekend.
Yep. Free-falling.
-Out of an airplane?
-Yay.
-Yes!
Check you out. girl.
I can't believe I did that.
Tess. girl. you have
to do it with me.
-Oh. J-- No. Th-That's --
That's okay.
But. look. I just came
by to get this report.
so I'm gonna get going. but...
-Okay.
-Mwah! Love you. Sis.
-Love you more.
-See you soon.
-Drive safe.
-Oh. Oh. yeah. Cole.
Congratulations. Yeah.
On your awesome.
new. impressive car.
-Thanks.
Hmm.
-O...kay.
So. do you want to tell
me what that was about?
-Uh. we were just having
a little back and forth.
That's all.
-All right. About what?
-She was just
looking after you.
Trying to figure out the man
who married her sister.
It's all good.
-Yeah. well. I am sorry.
but that is my little sis.
and she is extremely protective.
So...
-Sweetheart. as long
as you believe in me. we good.
-You know I believe in you.
How couldn't I?
My brother.
Hey. yo. let me give
you a call right back.
Yeah. I'm over here
picking up my lady. Hold on.
Girl. look at you!
-Hmm.
-Gorgeous.
-So where are you taking me?
-To the moon. baby.
Me and you
going to the moon.
Oh!
What you still doing up?
-What do you mean.
what am I doing up?
I'm sitting here
waiting for you.
Called your phone
a million times.
You haven't answered.
-Really? Sorry.
I must have had -- Yep. I had it
on mute.
The whole night. The hell?
Damn.
-On mute?
Yeah.
-Cole. where have
you been all night?
-What you mean?
I was. uh...
Work. you know.
making it happen.
-Babe. please. please.
Where have you been
all night long
to where
you cannot answer your phone?
-I was out with a friend.
- That's what I was doing. Okay?
- A friend?
-Yeah. yeah.
You gonna meet him soon.
Matter of fact. he's gonna
be great with helping us
opening up this club.
You know. things got late.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to make you worry.
-It's okay. it's fine.
it's fine. but. baby.
when is this club gonna
be more than something
we just talk about?
What's going on with it?
-I mean. this type
of stuff don't happen overnight.
When you open up a business.
you have to be able
to see it through to the end.
-Wait. wait. wait.
All due respect. baby.
I have opened up
three businesses. okay?
I am very familiar.
-I know. I know.
Look. I'm not trying to question
your business acumen. okay?
I just know
that starting a hair salon
is -- is a little bit different
than starting a nightclub.
-Okay.
-I mean. all these different.
uh. codes.
there's liquor licenses.
there's workman's comp.
Because everybody's trying
to break their leg on the job.
-I know. I have it.
-I mean. I got four
different type of insurances
I had to apply for.
You know.
at the end of a long-ass day.
I'm supposed to come home
and have my wife kiss me.
Instead. my wife
is giving me nothing but doubt.
Like I ain't got enough
to juggle as it is.
-Baby. I'm not --
-You know what I'm saying?
No. but this is what
I'm dealing with right now.
- No. I'm not. baby.
- Yeah. it is.
-I'm just asking you to let me
know what you're doing.
Keep me in the loop. That's it.
-Sweetheart. you in the loop.
You integral in the process.
Huh?
And I'm sorry.
You know. I got caught up
in my own world tonight.
-Okay.
-I apologize.
You know what?
You gonna meet
this friend of mine.
Are you free tomorrow?
-I mean...
-Let's do it tomorrow.
-Okay.
-We'll do it together.
-Yeah. Right?
-Okay. Okay.
-Okay. I'm sorry.
-Keep me in the loop.
-You're in the loop.
-That's all I want.
-Mm.
-Okay?
-Mm-hmm.
Oh. baby.
You in the loop.
-Don't keep your phone
on mute.
-You fittin' to be in the bed.
-Oh.
Okay.
Then you can keep it on mute.
Look I need it today.
Don't give me the other stuff.
I need the professional grade.
I know. I know.
I got you.
Sweet....
Call him and get it here.
please.
-I got you. I'm on it.
-Thank you.
Oh.
-Hey. baby.
-Hey.
-Um. sweetheart.
this is Sammy.
Sammy. I want you
to meet my superior half.
This is my wife. Jaynie.
-I've heard nothing
but superlatives.
-Pleasure to meet you.
Want to take a seat?
-Yeah.
-Come on.
-So. uh. Sammy here.
he's been like a gold mine.
This dude understands
the business upside down.
inside out.
and every which way after that.
-Yeah?
-Yes. ma'am.
I started bouncing in the club
when I was just 16 years old.
And then. one club pulled me
from another.
As you could say.
it's my calling.
It's divine.
-Okay. so where
do you work at now?
-I'm in between gigs.
-I mean. that's nothing
but lucky for us. right?
Good talent like this
is hard to come by.
You see. I've been
looking for a challenge.
And at the risk of being too
bold. I know this project is it.
You know. I just want to be
there for my brother. Cole.
-My boy.
-Already know.
He's the one. Yeah.
-No curling iron needed.
The steamer worked wonders.
You got it.
-Hey. now that boy know what
he's talking about. don't he?
-Cole.
Where did you meet this guy?
-I've been knowing Sammy
for years.
-I mean. the man was talking
about busting heads open
if somebody got lippy with him.
Is that really the kind of
business associate you want?
-Oh. come on.
he don't mean it literally.
Did you hear him? He knows
what he's talking about.
-I did.
-Okay. At some point.
we're gonna have to hire
somebody like him anyway.
I'd prefer
if it was somebody I know.
-I know. I just -- I mean.
the man looked like a thug.
You can't say he didn't.
-You see. there you go again.
-What?
-I got a great idea.
and here you go
trying to second guess me again.
-Wait. I'm -- I'm not
second guessing you.
-That's not all.
-And since you don't know.
let's just do it your way
anyway.
Let's go get a nice.
spit-polished MBA
who will charge us 30%.
Let's see how that works.
-Wait. Cole. don't do that.
That's not what I'm saying.
-No. that's exactly
what you're saying.
-That's not what I'm saying.
Cole!
Mm.
-Are you taking off?
-Yeah. unfortunately.
I got to. uh -- I got to go.
-I hate that you're married.
-Yeah. Me. too.
What we got is. uh --
is what we got.
Yeah. but what we got is
kind of cute. though. right?
-Yeah.
-It's like we're
cosmically linked.
-Ah. In the stars.
-Anyway.
It's got to be better than going
home to some naggy wife.
-Sure you wouldn't nag me
after a while?
I don't know.
I certainly wouldn't
give you any reason to stray.
-Mm.
You sure about that?
-I don't expect anything
from you. Cole.
Although I do think
I've earned myself
a nice dinner at Casa Parisi.
-Ah. Casa Parisi.
My favorite.
-Mm. So we'll go?
-Yeah.
-I'll call them.
Okay.
-Okay. Oh. again.
-Hi. I have a reservation
for two under Tess.
-You know. I was waiting
till now to say something.
but I got something for you.
-What are you talking about?
-I'm looking for a front
of the house manager.
-Wait. For real?
-Yeah.
You'd be absolutely perfect.
Mm. Mm.
Well. would you look at that.
-Tess. what the hell are
you doing here?
-Tiny little world
we live in. huh?
Have a nice night.
-Uh...
Are you trying to
convince me that that is not you
kissing another woman?
Is that what you're saying?
-This is another woman
kissing me.
She got carried away
because I gave her a job.
That's what's going on
in this picture.
-Cole. stop. stop. Okay?
Because I am not blind.
And I am not stupid.
That is not what
was happening in that picture.
-I'm not saying you're blind
or stupid.
What I'm saying. sweetheart.
is that you can trust me.
Trust your husband.
That's who you can trust.
-Cole. we got married too soon.
-What?
-We got married too soon.
I'm so stupid. I'm so --
-Hold on. Hold up.
-I'm so stupid.
Caught up in the romance
of it all.
-Girl. what we have is real.
-Don't touch --
-Come here.
-Do not.
I'm telling you right now.
Cole. don't touch me!
-Relax. What we have is real.
We building a life.
You gonna throw this all away
over something as ridiculous
as this photo?
Girl. this is ridiculous.
Look at me.
-I'm not doing this.
I'm not.
I don't want to argue with you.
I'm not trying
to argue with you.
I don't want to -- Stop!
Cole. just get your stuff.
I need you to pack your things
and leave my house.
-Come on.
You don't mean that.
-I -- Stop! Stop! Okay?
-You clearly need some time
to think about this.
Okay. I'll give it to you.
Whatever you want.
I'll give it to you.
That'll break my heart
to give you that time away.
But I'll still do it for you
because I love you.
-No. you don't. You don't.
-I love you.
If I've ever said anything
in life that was true.
it's this -- I love you.
You're my whole entire life.
-Stop saying this. Stop.
-You're my wife. Jaynie.
You're my wife.
Come on. Come on.
-Stop!
Pack your things
and get out of my house.
-Jaynie.
Whoa.
-Are you stupid or what?
-It's the sidewalk. man.
Watch where you're going.
-You ran into me. jagoff.
-Buddy. walk away.
-You walk away so I don't
have to deck your ass.
Said walk. bitch.
-You gotta look at this
as a good thing. Cole.
I mean. now you're free.
Free to do what?
-Anything that you want.
I mean. anything that we want.
It's not like you're out
on the street.
You know. you can just
move in here with me.
-I ain't stayin' in here
with you.
She gonna take me back.
-What?
-What? I'm saying.
I mean. if she --
if she exits the situation.
that's going to be
a collapse of the whole club.
I mean. she's my best investor.
Hell. she's my only investor.
-So get other investors.
- What?
- What are you talking about?
Do you even know
what you're saying?
Sweetheart. this ain't no
monopoly game we playing here.
-Okay. I'm just trying
to be encouraging.
-All right.
-And you can't talk
to me like that.
-Oh. Okay.
So what's up. then?
You got rules for me now. too?
Like every other woman
in my life?
-You know what? Cole. if
you're gonna be like that.
then just get the hell out.
All right?
Why don't you
go back to your sugar mama?
-Girl. I don't have
a sugar mama.
-No?
-No.
-What do you call it.
then. Cole?
Face it. She owns you.
She clearly has all the power
in this relationship.
Walk away.
Take your power back as a man.
Because if she divorces
you anyway. you have nothing.
-Ain't nobody divorcing me.
I'm the man.
-Really?
-Nobody.
-You sure about that?
-I'm sure I ain't gonna
let that happen.
I'm sure of that.
Hi.
-What happened?
-Oh. Uh...
It ain't nothing.
Just being stupid.
I. uh. haven't been sleeping.
so I was. uh...
I was in the hotel
in the middle of the night.
I stumbled over some --
some bags.
and I went right into
the mirror.
A couple scrapes. nothing major.
-Well. why haven't
you been able to sleep?
-Why do you think?
You're. uh. a loss
that comes with a heavy price.
What?
-Cole. I. um...
You gotta know I gave
you everything.
I really did. I tried to give
you everything that I have.
I know.
And I repaid you
by being a liar and a cheater.
I'm done trying to deny that.
It's time to own up to it.
-God. I just...
I don't understand.
Why wasn't I enough for you?
Why wasn't this enough for you?
-Enough? For God's sake.
you are everything to me.
-How am I everything. Cole?
You lied to me.
You cheated on me.
Please explain this to me
because I don't understand.
-Any shrink can tell you
what's going on.
It don't take a rocket
scientist to figure it out.
I'm a man.
And the love of my life
is the breadwinner.
It made me feel like less
of a man.
So -- So I stepped out so
I could feel like a man again.
But all it did is exposed
the little boy I'd
been acting like.
That's not what real men do.
-I've never thought of you
as less than at all.
I believe in you
because I was in for you.
I was in for us.
That's all I ever
wanted.
That's the only thing
I ever wanted.
God. I'm -- I'm so sorry.
-So. the woman...
The one that. obviously...
-She ain't nothing.
And it didn't show me
nothing neither.
It just showed me
that I don't deserve you.
I love you. though.
You know I do.
Baby. I love you.
-Why does it bother you so much
that I want to forgive him?
Why?
-Because I caught him
with another woman.
-Whatever.
Always been judgmental.
-You know what?
Whatever. Do what you want.
-That's exactly what I'll do.
What I want.
Look. I get it. Tess.
He has flaws.
But when I weigh his good
against his bad.
Cole is good.
-All right.
Anyway. I gotta get going.
But. look.
I just gotta say this. okay?
He's going to do it again.
I got the leeks going.
Loaded with iron. a little bit
of roasted cauliflower tacos.
Got the lentil soup over here.
-Cole. baby.
you do not need to cook for me
like this every day.
you know that.
-Oh. it's no sacrifice.
m'lady.
-Thank you.
Honestly.
I've never had lentil soup.
-You about to find out.
-Let's see.
It's good. Mm-hmm.
- Rosé. Lentil soup. Magic.
- Can't beat it.
You did it
again. baby.
-Mm-hmm.
-Mm.
You just sit there
and soak.
- I'm gonna go fluff your pillow.
- Okay.
-...get his man in the air.
Drives down the lane.
Beautiful pass to
the big man underneath.
Inbound pass to
the other point guard.
He's quickly surrounded
by backcourt pressure.
Caught in the corner.
he dribbles around...
...the baseline.
And that's a defensive
blocking foul.
That's number 10's
third foul of the night.
And the seventh...
Time-out called on the court...
...and shortly after
this commercial break.
-Hey.
-Hey. Tess.
-Hey. I just came to
see Jay real quick.
-Oh. Uh. does she know
you're here?
-Yeah.
Well. I mean. I texted her.
- Oh. okay.
- Where is she?
-Um. she's -- she's in
the bathroom.
-Okay. It'll be quick.
-Oh.
Jaynie bae.
Jaynie?
Cole! Cole!
Jaynie! Jaynie!
Jaynie!
-Come here.
- Is she breathing?
- No! Hell no. she's not.
-She ain't breathing.
Hold on. baby. hold on.
-Jaynie! Jaynie!
- Call 911! Now!
- B-B-B-But --
Jeez! Oh. my God!
Jaynie! Jesus.
Jaynie! ....
Jaynie. There you are.
Breathe with me.
Stay with me.
Come on now. There it is.
There it is.
-I guess. Uh. I need
an ambulance now.
Jaynie?
-Where am I?
You're in the hospital
right now.
Hey. Boy. did you scare
the hell out of us.
-What happened?
-You. um --
You fell asleep in the tub.
And thank God I got to you
when I did.
-Thank God she did.
Hey. don't you dare
do that to me again.
Just relax.
Okay. That's seven.
Who's ready
for breakfast?
Okay. so we got
some cheesy eggs with bacon.
We have a fruit
and yogurt parfait.
and your favorite --
a little ginger tea.
-You did not have
to do all of this.
-Oh. I needed to.
And you need your strength back.
-Babe. I have recovered. okay?
I have rested. and honestly.
I have a lot of work to do.
-Okay. This is why you fell
asleep in the bathtub.
You're burning the candle
at both ends.
Take some time for yourself.
Sammy.
I got to go meet him.
Uh. you need anything
before I leave?
-Mnh-mnh.
-Foot rub?
-No.
-Okay.
-I'll take a kiss.
You can always have one of them.
You rest up.
-I will.
but I'm going to work. baby.
-You do it right in that bed.
Call me if you need anything.
- okay?
- Will do.
-Hey. baby.
-Stop calling me.
Hmm? Where is your brain?
-What am I supposed to do. Cole?
Okay. You won't see me.
You won't take my calls.
-Yeah. Because it's over.
I told you this a month ago.
We had something nice.
It was fun for a while.
and now it's over.
I need you to understand that.
-No. Cole. Okay? No.
And you're not over it either.
I can tell.
-Girl. there are plenty
of unmarried men out there.
Take your pick.
Hey. what the hell is wrong
with you?
-I don't know.
Maybe I should
just speak to Jaynie then.
-Uh. no. I don't think --
-You can't just
toss me aside. Cole.
-Oh. my God.
-Stupid straws.
-Sweetheart.
Hey. look. look at me.
I promise you.
we're good. okay?
I just need you to lay low
for a little while.
That ain't too much
to ask. is it?
Huh? Hey. look at me.
There's great things
ahead for us.
but we ain't never gonna
get there
if you keep running around town
acting like a fool.
So can you stop?
For me. hmm?
-I'm not gonna wait
forever. Cole.
-You don't gotta wait forever.
All I need you to do
is be a good girl.
You wait for daddy to call you.
not the other way around.
You understand? Hmm?
-Okay.
-Really. I mean it.
-Okay. I'm just -- I'm sorry.
I just miss you so much.
-I c-- Mm.
I-I understand. I understand.
You ain't gotta be sorry.
though.
Just -- Just -- Just be patient.
That's all I need is
for you to be patient.
Okay?
-Okay.
Mm.
-Oh.
-Ahh.
Hey. you know what
we haven't done in a while?
-Mnh-mnh.
I'm gonna tell you right now.
after all of that. baby.
this amusement park is closed.
No.
-I'm talking about skydiving.
-You know what?
You're right. We haven't done
that in a while. have we?
-How about this weekend?
This is it.
-All right. let's do it.
-All right.
-Okay.
Hey!
-We got this. This is it.
Let's go. Let's do it!
-Let's go do it!
- All right.
- I'm ready. baby. Let's go.
Uh-huh.
Three. two. one.
Whoa!
No.
No. no. no. no. no. no!
Oh. no!
- Jaynie.
- Jaynie!
She's up here.
Chute got caught
on a tree.
Hey. check her vitals.
- Jaynie! Jaynie!
- She's a-- She's alive!
- Jaynie!
- She's alive!
I got it. I got it.
-How far on that ambulance?
-That's my wife.
This is my wife. Hold on.
-Okay. okay. okay.
- Don't move her. don't move her.
- Oh. my God.
Just hang in with her.
-How's she doing?
Her left tibia is
fractured in a couple places.
She's got broken ribs.
some hemorrhaging
we had to intervene with.
No significant internal damage.
though.
I mean.
some bruising. lacerations.
I have to guess there was
enough drag left on her chute
to slow her down
enough to make a difference.
Maybe her position
at impact helped.
and the trees might
have slowed her down a bit.
We'll never know.
But what we do know is
she's gonna make it.
-Hey!
-It's my miracle wife.
-Oh.
-Hey. hey.
-Baby.
-Smell those.
-Mm. they smell good.
-Right?
-Mm-hmm. But you don't
have to bring me flowers
every single day.
-Oh. come on now.
Ain't enough flowers in
the world for you. sweetheart.
How's lunch?
-I'm still trying
to figure out
what's
lunch.
-You just say the word.
I'll cook you whatever you need.
-I would like a double
bacon cheeseburger from Rudy's
with extra cheese.
extra bacon. extra burger.
Mm.
-I want steak fries
and honey mustard sauce.
-Ooh. that sounds good?
Baby girl. you want it.
you got it.
-You promise?
-Hey. nothing can kill you.
-Mm. Apparently.
I see you're
Mr. Popularity today.
-Oh. nah. this ain't...
This ain't nothing.
So. I was talking to the doctor.
Mm-hmm.
-He said God was on your side.
Really. he was on mine though.
I love you.
-I love you. too.
Look.
don't push yourself too hard.
-I'm -- I'm not.
-Go up here.
Okay. Just turn. Turn.
-Oh. All right.
- Mrs. Mitchell?
- Thank you.
-Hi. I represent
Boundless Skydiving.
We had an independent
investigation done.
and the determination was
that Boundless
can't be held liable
for any damages.
Especially given the extreme
rarity of the accident.
-H-How often does something
like this even happen?
-For both the main
and reserve chutes to fail.
as in your case.
that's like 1 in 5.000.000.
- It is practically unheard of.
- Okay.
But it did happen. Okay?
So it was one of your clients
that provided the service.
So what are we even
talking about?
-To be absolutely clear.
they provided the airplane.
the pilot.
the gear. and the parachutes.
However. it was not anyone
in my client's organization
who prepared the parachutes.
-Wait. wait.
So who prepared the parachutes?
-Your husband did.
I'm sorry.
I-I assumed you knew.
So what are you --
what are you saying to me?
-I-I'm not --
I'm not saying anything.
I'm just telling you
what they said.
And I know nothing
about parachuting and skydiving.
- Right.
- You know that.
So it was your job
to pack it up.
-Yes.
-I mean. did you check?
- Yes.
- Double check?
- I double checked it.
- Triple checked?
-I checked them all
very thoroughly.
I know what I'm doing.
I have 10.000 hours logged
up there.
-Okay. well --
-So. are you actually
blaming me here?
-Obviously something happened.
-I mean. they--
they could have been
messed up at the damn factory
where they were made at.
I don't know.
Put yourself in my shoes.
My wife just almost died.
-Babe. I'm not -- I'm not saying
that you're guilty. okay?
I am simply reiterating to you
what they said to me.
I'm not.
-Okay. listen. Listen to me.
I understand.
I get it.
Clearly. something went wrong.
Hmm.
I just can't believe
I made that mistake.
Sweetheart. I...
I mean.
I didn't make that mistake.
Jaynie. I...
-Baby. I know.
Okay?
-Jaynie. I can't...
I can't sit here
and -- and think about you --
you dying because of something
sloppy I did.
I can't think about that.
-Baby. don't think
about it then.
Look at me.
-I can't.
-Don't.
-I can't live with myself
thinking that.
-Then don't.
The question is. are we good?
-Yeah.
-I got you.
I got you. baby.
-And I got you.
-Promise?
-I promise.
-What's up. Michael?
-So. what do you think
you know?
-Isn't it obvious?
You're living a fake life.
Your real name is
Michael Simkins.
Or it was. back
in your naughtier days.
What. did you hire
a private investigator
or something?
- I didn't have to.
- Hmm.
-You see. back when
I was gonna be your employee.
you gave me those files of yours
to sort through.
Hmm? It didn't take
a bloodhound to stumble
upon some inconsistencies.
And then. after a little time
on the Internet.
I found some very interesting
things about Michael Simkins.
-That's a disturbed individual.
-Mm. I'll say.
-I mean. before
you keep going. you know.
my wife know about
me being in the prison.
Yeah.
-She know it was
for attempted murder?
-So where the hell
are you going with this?
-You belong with me.
We're one soul.
When are you gonna get that
through your head?
-Nah. Jaynie's my wife.
When the hell you gonna
get that through yours?
-She is right now.
But when she finds out
about this --
and she will find out
there's no way
you're not getting divorced.
I thought alcohol was poison.
-Ah. what the hell.
you know?
-Cole. this is better.
I mean. don't you see that?
-Yeah. I do.
Now that you mention it.
You and me. we. uh --
we make sense.
We have since the beginning.
Yes.
-Bed's right over there.
In case you still have
any doubts.
-Right.
Mm.
You can be yourself around me.
you know?
I mean. you can be yourself
for the whole rest of our lives.
Or at least the rest
of yours.
-My sister actually saw a pic--
There he is. There. babe.
This is Detective Rice.
-How you doing. sir?
-Hey. Detective Rice. Cole.
-Mind if I ask you
a few questions?
-Of course. What's. uh...
-Come sit down.
-What's going on?
What's this about?
-Nikki Beaumont.
-Um...Yeah. I know her.
It's. um...
-Yeah. well. they -- they found
her dead.
-What?
-Yeah.
-They found her body in
the alley
this morning next to her
building.
She either fell
or was pushed off her balcony.
-Oh. my God.
-Yeah. Um.
the apartment was ransacked.
Looks like a home invasion.
-Look. your wife
already explained to me
about your relationship
with Miss Beaumont.
-Oh. yeah.
Um. I made a mistake.
-Alright. Is it okay to speak
plainly. then?
-It is.
-When's the last time
you saw Miss Beaumont?
-Uh. got to be.
um. a couple weeks.
I mean. a few weeks.
Almost a month.
-Well. the reason I ask is
we're aware you received a text
from her last night.
-What?
You text her?
-No.
It wasn't nothing like that.
She actually texted me.
I-I thought this was
for someone else.
That's why I didn't even
respond. Hold on. Um...
You see. "We need to talk.
Michael."
I have no idea who Michael is.
I mean.
this is probably somebody
you should be looking at. right?
-Let me see this.
-Person of interest
or whatever y'all say.
-We're looking at everyone
at this point.
-Right. right. Um...
Well. since we're. um...
You know. since we're being
frank right now. she was --
I mean. she was unstable.
She was off.
If you had told me
she'd jumped out the window head
first. swan dived. I'd have
believed it. because she was...
I mean. it was scary.
-Yeah.
Well. we're not ruling
anything out at this point.
-Right.
-Look. I'm sorry I bothered
you so early in the morning.
I'm sure you understand.
-Oh. Of course.
Absolutely. man. it's not
a bother at all. Officer.
-Babe. I got it. Yeah.
-I got you.
-Looks like you had
your own bit of an accident
there. Mrs. Mitchell.
-Yeah. it's a long story.
Skydiving accident.
-Skydiving. man.
People need to keep their feet
on the ground around you. huh?
-Yeah. yeah. Come on.
Let me show you out.
Let me get this for you.
Detective.
Alright. You take care.
-Yeah.
-Honestly.
I've never had lentil soup.
Did he open this?
Okay. So right here
in this lab result.
it says you found
diphenhydramine in my system?
-Diphenhydramine.
It's an over-the-counter
allergy medicine.
A sleep aid.
Do you take those regularly?
-Regularly?
No. I don't take them at all.
-Well. you certainly had
an awful lot of it
in your system that night.
-Can you explain to me
why this was mailed
to my home instead of
your office calling me?
-The results came in
after you were discharged.
and I see that I called you.
-No.
-Actually.
I spoke to your husband.
I reviewed the results with him.
His number was the contact.
Mrs. Mitchell.
is everything okay?
-If Cole wanted to kill me.
think about it.
The bathtub.
He saved me out of that tub.
-He probably did that
because I showed up right then.
Like. what if I didn't?
-You're right.
-Yes.
Foreign substances were found
in your system
that you did not put there.
And you survived a 1 in
5.000.000 skydiving accident
wearing a chute that he packed.
Like. come on.
-Yeah.
And there is the dead
girlfriend.
-Yes.
-So you see this date
right here?
This was two days before
my drowning accident.
-So he spent $23
at the pharmacy on cotton balls.
for all we know?
-Right. Yes.
But we went to the pharmacy.
-We did.
-Alright. so he bought
a large bottle of allergy pills
and a granola bar.
-That's not allergy pills.
This right here.
this is the exact medicine
that was found in my system.
-It's compelling.
-Beyond.
-And I'm not doubting you.
Mrs. Mitchell.
It's just
that we can't arrest a man
who just buys a bottle of pills.
-Okay. how about tampering
with the parachute. then?
-Yeah.
that's enough to arrest him.
-Okay.
-Do we have any proof?
-Detective Rice.
are you trying to tell me
that you don't think
that I'm in danger?
-What I'm saying is.
if we want to make an arrest
and make it stick...
-Yes.
-...we got to connect
a few more dots.
-These are a lot of dots.
I mean.
what do I do in the meantime?
-In the meantime.
don't make him suspicious.
Don't make him mad.
-What?
Don't make him mad?
Okay. I got it.
Hey. Cole. you're home.
-I am.
We got physical therapy today.
remember?
-Yeah.
-And I'm here to take you
because I'm awesome.
You don't have to do that
actually.
I called a car and it's...
-Oh. well. cancel it.
-...on its way.
-Come on.
-It's okay. I got it.
-Oh.
-Who you calling?
-Uh. it's just Tess.
-Oh.
-Hey.
-Hey. girlie.
So I wanted to let you know that
I am headed to physical therapy.
but I didn't take a rideshare
because Cole came home
and he's driving me.
-Oh. okay.
-Say hey.
-Hey. Tess.
-Hi. Cole.
-Oh. really quickly.
You remember that idea
we had the other day?
I think it's perfect.
And I think we should act on it.
like. quickly.
I mean. we have the opportunity.
so why not?
-Yeah. Yeah. Like why wait?
So. anyway. let's talk later?
-Alright. Love you.
Cole. that's our turn.
You missed it.
-I didn't miss nothing.
-Where are we going?
-I want to show you something.
It's a surprise.
-Baby. what is this?
Where are we?
-You're looking at
the Sapphire Club.
Well. pre-renovation.
Needless to say.
But there she goes.
Ah.
Here we are.
-Mm.
-So right here is going to be
the bar. whole wall.
Right over here we're going to
have the dance floor
for everybody trying
to bust a move.
You know how it go down. right?
-Back there
we're gonna have the VIP booths.
and then right here.
we're gonna have
the big main stage
for all the live music
experiences.
So then right back
over here in this corner.
Big old elevator. Not just
any elevator. Glass elevator.
Gonna take you all the way up
to the top deck.
The roof deck. Sit down.
Enjoy a glass of champagne.
Take in the city view
from up top.
It's gonna be nice.
-It's actually impressive.
Why did you purchase
diphenhydramine?
What? What is that?
It's a sleep aid.
-Well. if there's something
on your mind. just say it.
-They found it in my system
that night.
You ran a bath for me.
So obviously you put it
in my food.
-Why would I do that?
-It's the same reason
why you married me --
For my money.
So I get a little sleep aid.
and this is where your mind
goes. over a little sleep pill?
-Cole you don't even take sleep
aids.
And parachutes?
They don't fail.
Not two times in one jump.
-So what you trying to say?
I tried to kill you?
I mean. you killed Nikki.
-Oh. Do you really believe that?
-Yes. I do.
But...I have a proposition
for you.
-Oh.
-Mm-hmm.
I want to offer you $1 million.
I'll write you a bank check.
I want a no-contest divorce.
And that way you
don't have to kill me.
And the police don't
have to come after you
for murdering your wife.
It's a win-win.
I live. you make money.
-What about Nikki?
-What do you mean.
what about Nikki?
You and I both
know you killed her.
Cops obviously have no evidence
and everyone knows
that you were having an affair.
so your fingerprints or DNA
being in her apartment
are explainable.
-Yeah. that's the way
I figured it.
Great minds think alike. huh?
-Mm.
I really only did that because
she threatened to split us up.
You could say that
I did that for you.
-Okay. So do we have a deal?
-Mm.
Ah.
That's why you successful.
Ha!
'Cause you one hell
of a businesswoman.
-So I take that as a yes.
Alright. so show me the rest
of this Sapphire experience
here.
See what's going on.
-No. we'll go to the bank.
I'll tell you on the way.
-Well. we're here now.
Why don't you just show me?
Let me know
where all my money's going.
What are you gonna
do with this backspace?
-We're gonna go to the bank
first.
Talk about it later.
Come on.
-Okay.
-Hey. Let's go.
-I'm coming.
My leg. Come on now.
-Hey! Come on. Why you moving
so slow? Walk faster.
Come on.
What are we doing?
-It's over. Cole.
-What did you do?
-It's not what I did.
It's what you did.
You confessed to murder.
Ah.
You think you're so smart. huh?
Did you record me?
How about I smash
this phone right now?
-I didn't record you.
I'm telling you.
I recorded your call.
And I've been listening
this whole time.
And I've been tracking
Jaynie's phone.
-Ah.
It ain't over yet. Tess.
Is it?
Cole.
don't make it worse.
There's nowhere
for you to go.
-Shut up!
Please. please...
-You funny.
Girl.
- Please. no.
- You know. it's funny.
I told myself
I was gonna forgive you.
stick this thing out with you.
you know?
I tried to kill you twice.
Didn't work.
Couldn't figure it out.
Yeah. the universe is funny.
I swear it was talking to me.
Feel like it's talking to me
right now.
It's saying -- saying.
"The third time is a charm.
Kill her now."
"Kill her now."
-Unh!
-Gonna piss me off with that.
Ahh!
-Oh. you're not right
in the head.
-Oh. my head was fine
till you started hitting me
with this damn pipe.
Please...
-Was anything
you ever said real?
Are you even a marine?
-Yeah.
And I was an astronaut.
And I invented the Internet
while I was up there. yeah.
Yeah. it's all true. baby girl.
You're insane.
-Oh. you heard that?
Hey. Tess. you heard that?
I can't be found guilty
by reason of insanity!
- You heard that?!
- Cole. the cops
are already on their way.
-Stupid ass!
- Cole!
- I said don't piss me off!
Stop!
Where you think
you're going?
No. come to me.
Mm...
Hey!
Ahh!
Oh! Oh. thank you!
Thank you. God! Thank you. God!
-I will shoot!
-I'm down! I'm down!
-Stay right there. Don't move.
Don't move!
Go. go!
It's over. ma'am. okay?
- Jaynie. Jaynie...
- I'm down! I'm down!
Tess!
You're okay.
You're okay. You're okay.
- Thank you.
- Don't you be so charming.
Complimenting
this beautiful lady.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
-Now. please.
can you explain to me
exactly what it is that you do?
-Sure. Thank you.
Well. it's mostly contract law.
corporate clients.
You know. it's not
Colonel Mustard in the den
with the candlestick.
but. yeah. I've built
a nice little boring practice.
-Don't knock boring.
Boring's good.
-I hope you don't mind.
but I was thinking
we might share this?
-You know what?
You winning this date.
-You know. I should have gotten
a refill while she was here.
Uh. you mind if I get yours
topped off?
-Sure.
-Cool.
I'll be right back.
- Thanks.
- Yep.
-So?
-I like everything
but his shoes.
-His shoes. Tess?
Is that what you saw?
Did you see them?
Wait. the home brewing hobby --
is that a red flag?
-You prefer skydiving?
-No.
- Exactly.
- Okay. okay.
-So. we say...I continue?
-For now.
But don't forget to ask him
about his relationship
with his mom.
-Girl. that's my next question.
-Good.
-Okay. Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Check my teeth.
-Good.
-Okay.